Update README.md (#44)
vtex-apps/wordpress-integration: docs/README.md

}
```

> You may change "blog" in each route to another string of your choosing.

Reviewer: This sentence should remain here, as it directly relates to the JSON above.

| -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `store.blog-home`          |  The homepage of your blog. This can also be extended (i.e. `store.blog-home#custom`) to create additional custom blog pages, if needed. |
| `store.blog-category`      | A listing of blog posts belonging to a particular category, derived from a category slug in the page route. |
| `store.blog-post`          | A detail view of a single blog post, derived from a post slug in the page route.  |
| `store.blog-search-result` | A listing of blog posts matching a search query, derived from a search term in the page route. | 

> You may change `blog` in each path to another string of your choosing. If you wish to display WordPress pages on your store site in addition to posts, for example, you can add a route like the one showed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to display WordPress **pages** on your store site in addition to **posts**, you can add a route like the one shown below:
```

| ----------------- | ------- | -------------------------- | -------------- |
| `title`           | `string` | Title to be displayed above the block. | `null` |
| `numberOfPosts`   | `number` | The number of posts to be displayed. | `3` |
| `useTextOverlays` | `boolean` | Whether each blog post data (title, category, etc) should be overlaid on the post's featured image (`true`) or not (`false`). If `false`, date of publication and category are shown above the image, title and excerpts are shown below it. | `false` |
| `showCategories`  | `boolean` | Whether the post category should be shown (`true`) or not (`false`). | `true`  |
| `showDates`       | `boolean` | Whether the date of publication should be shown (`true`) or not (`false`). | `true`  |
| `showAuthors`     | `boolean` | Whether the post author should be shown (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false` |
| `showExcerpts`    | `boolean` | Whether the post excerpts should be shown (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false`  |
| `absoluteLinks`   | `boolean` | Whether the links from each blog post should point to the external blog in a new tab (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false` |  

> ## `blog-category-preview.wordpress-category-preview` props

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `blog-category-preview.wordpress-category-preview` props
```

}
```

:information_source: *Make sure to follow the format of the example value, including the brackets and escaped double quotes.*

Blocks that do not use URL params should be given a different set of props, namely `customDomainSlug` and `customDomain`. These blocks are:

- `blog-all-posts.wordpress-all-posts`
- `blog-latest-posts-preview.wordpress-latest-posts-preview`
- `blog-category-preview.wordpress-category-preview`
- `blog-search.wordpress-search`
- `search-blog-articles-preview.wordpress`
- `search-blog-articles-list.wordpress`
- `blog-related-posts.wordpress-related-posts`
- `blog-search-list.wordpress-category-related-posts`

`customDomainSlug` must be provided for *all* blocks when using multiple WordPress installations. `customDomain`, in turn, only needs to be provided for blocks that are *not* using the default WordPress domain from the app settings.

> In practice, any block that shows content from the "default" WordPress domain should receive the `customDomainSlug` prop with a value of `blog`. Blocks that show content from the secondary WordPress domain should receive a `customDomainSlug` prop with a value of `other-blog` and a `customDomain` prop with a value of `http://www.other-blog.com/` also. For example:

Reviewer: This wording is important, because `blog` and `other-blog` are just examples of what these props should be.
```suggestion
Continuing the example from above,, any block that shows content from the "default" WordPress domain should receive the `customDomainSlug` prop with a value of `blog`. Blocks that show content from the secondary WordPress domain should receive a `customDomainSlug` prop with a value of `other-blog` and a `customDomain` prop with a value of `http://www.other-blog.com/` also. For example:
```
